Placements hold great importance for students and educational institutions. It helps a student to a build strong foundation for the professional career ahead as well as good placement record gives a competitive edge to a college/University in the education market. A placement predictor is to be designed to calculate the possibility of a student being placed in the company, subject to the criterion of the company. The placement predictor takes many parameters which can be used to assess the skill level of the student. While some parameters are taken from the university level we will consider high school grades and also inter grades, degree obtained and CGPA obtained and few others parameters. After considering all those parameters we explore the dataset and we see if their exists the correlation between features and the placement. Data from the past students are used for training the model
                      But the problem was to find the suitable classification algorithm that could do the job with the maximum accuracy for our dataset. Different algorithms have different accuracy depending on the type of the problem it has to solve and the dataset it has to work with. So we decided to select 2 algorithms namely Random Forest Classification algorithm and logistic regression algorithm to compare the accuracy levels of these algorithms, with respect to the dataset .The result of this test would help us in determining which algorithm to use while implementing the model.
                           For this, we trained each of the algorithms with the data set that we acquired and tested it against some test data to find the accuracy of the algorithms. For each algorithm, we can easily obtain the True Positive, True Negative, False Positive and False Negative. With these four values, it was a matter of finding the accuracy using the accuracy equation
